---
program: "Data Analytics"
courseCode: "DA200"
title: "Advanced Business Intelligence Analytics"
description: "Building upon the foundations of business analytics, this course covers advanced techniques for extracting insights from data to support decisions for more complex business programs. Students will continue to explore the applications of these techniques across various business domains."
prerequisites:
    - DA100
courseHours: 40
courseType: "Lecture"
deliveryMode:
    - In-Person
    - Blended
    - Online
sortOrder: 200
---

# Sample Syllabus
## Course Description
This course, Advanced Business Intelligence Analytics (DA200), builds upon the foundations of business analytics and covers advanced techniques for extracting insights from data to support decisions for more complex business programs. Business analytics is a fast-growing discipline that involves the use of data and statistical methods to help businesses make better decisions. In this course, students will learn advanced techniques for data analysis and will continue to explore the applications of these techniques across various business domains.

## Prerequisites
- DA100: Foundations of Business Intelligence Analytics

## Learning Objectives
By the end of this course, students will be able to:

- Understand advanced techniques for extracting insights from data.
- Apply analysis to both internal and external business decisions
- Use data to support decisions for complex business programs.
- Explore the applications of advanced analytics techniques across various business domains.

## Course Structure
The course content will be presented through a series of lectures and practical exercises. Students will be evaluated through assignments and a final project.

### Assignments
Throughout the semester, students will be given assignments that will require them to apply advanced analytics techniques to solve complex business problems. These assignments will allow students to practice their analytical skills and will count towards the overall course grade.

### Final Project
At the end of the semester, students will complete a final project where they will have to apply advanced analytics techniques to a real-world business problem. This project will serve as a culmination of the skills learned throughout the course and will count towards a significant portion of the overall course grade.

## Schedule
The following is a general outline of the topics covered in the course:
|Week|Topic|
|---|---|
1 | Unit Economics
2 | Primary and Secondary Data Collection
3 | Market Intelligence
4 | Product Analytics
5 | HR Analytics
6 | Marketing Analytics
7 | Sales Analytics
8 | Sentiment Analysis and Text Analysis
9 | User Experience Analytics
10 | Customer Experience Analytics
11 | Business Intelligence Ethics and Privacy
12 | Final Project Presentations and Course Reflection
